
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="trade_routes">Trade Routes</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Trade can help you to complete items you wish to build or, by using requisitions, you can make some gold profit.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="trade_for_goods_via_trade_routes">Trade For Goods Via Trade Routes</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
First, you need to know if there is a Threat Rating for the trade route. A Threat Rating means that the total levels of the people going must exceed the Threat Rating. Gold Shield has a Threat Rating of 20. 5 players that are level 4 can go as they meet that level requirement.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="you_need_a_vehicle_to_trade">You need a Vehicle to Trade.</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Small Cart / Canoe: Requires a minimum 1 person, maximum 3. 4 dtds for each person.
A cart may be used once per week to trade up to 20 components or items.
</p>

<p>
Large Cart / War Canoe: Requires a minimum of 3 people, maximum 6, must spend 4 dtd each.
A large cart may be used once per week to trade up to 120 components or items.
</p>

<p>
Pack Horse: Each pack horse allows the replacement of 1 person for wagons, to a minimum of 1 person. The first pack horse reduces the travel time from 4 days to 3 days, which cannot be reduced further. Each pack horse may be used in this way once per week.
</p>

<p>
Caravan: You may string together large carts and pack horses to form a caravan.
</p>

<p>
You require 4 characters to start a caravan.
For 2 large carts you need a minimum of 2 pack horses. If you have 4 pack horses, you reduce the travel time from 4 dtd to 3.
For 3 large carts you need a minimum of 3 pack horses. If you have 6 pack horses, you reduce the travel time from 4 dtd to 3.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="cog">Cog</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
The cog requires at least 3 crew. It can carry 360 components. It carries 310 components instead if it has a ballista attached. It takes 4 dtd to use for a trade route.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="working_the_trade_route">Working The Trade Route</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Instead of specifically trading goods, you participate in trade in general. You need a vehicle. The numbers of people involved, minimum and maximum, remains the same. You must spend 4 dtd and you earn 6 gold, or 1.5/day.
</p>

<p>
Example 1: 6 people use a War Canoe to Work the Trade Route to Redmark. They each spend 4 dtds and earn 6 g each instead of the usual 4.
</p>

<p>
Example 2: 3 people use a Large Cart to go to Gold Shield. They are able to trade crystals and metal for a Pack Horse. They can only bring up to 120 components.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Trade Routes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;trade_routes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-2209&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="searching_meridiem_for_magic_items_or_components">Searching Meridiem for Magic Items or Components</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The market district of Meridiem is more than five times the size of New Hope. That is just one neighborhood where you might attempt to find an item or component you are missing. The city is also very dangerous to those that have gold. Below we outline how to search for special items in the market district and in the less civilized parts of town.
<em class="u">_

You can search The Market District and The Rest of Merdieim <strong>once Each per week.</strong>
</em>_
</p>

<p>
 <strong>Declare all searches in #downtime-activities</strong>
</p>

<p>
___
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="searching_the_market_district">Searching the Market District</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Your <strong>character level</strong> is the base <strong>percent chance</strong> for you to find an item. 
</p>

<p>
For every <strong>DTD</strong> you spend looking you increase that chance by 2%
</p>

<p>
For every <strong>10 gold</strong> you spend looking you increase that chance by 2%, to a maximum of +20%
</p>

<p>
You may have items that increase your reputation temporarily (consumed) or permanently to help with this search. Declare these items when you state you are searching in #downtime-activities. 
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="complications">Complications</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
There is a 5% chance that you encounter a complication, see below.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="searching_the_rest_of_meridiem">Searching the Rest of Meridiem</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Your <strong>character level</strong> is the base <strong>percent chance</strong> for you to find an item. 
</p>

<p>
For every <strong>DTD</strong> you spend looking you increase both your chance to find the item and your chance at a complication by 2%.
</p>

<p>
For every <strong>10 gold</strong> you spend looking you increase both your chance to find the item and your chance at a complication by 3% to a maximum of +30%.
</p>

<p>
You may have items that increase your reputation temporarily (consumed) or permanently to help with this search. Declare these items when you state you are searching in #downtime-activities. 
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="complications1">Complications</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
There is a (50 - Character Level - Charisma Modifier)% chance of a complication, see below.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="price">Price</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The price for a recipe is typically 150 to 200 gold. The price for an item is the cost to make it with the following assumptions: all materials were purchased at the most expensive rate in Meridiem and the crafter charged you 5g per dtd. 
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="complications_item_found">Complications (Item Found)</h4>
<div class="level4">
<div class="table sectionedit3"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0"> Roll d8 </td><td class="col1"> Outcome </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> 1 </td><td class="col1"> The item costs 110% and if you buy it, you get a +10% chance to find the next item you are looking for through the same vendor. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> 2 </td><td class="col1"> 1d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A fight! </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> 3 </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> 2d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A chase!  </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> 4 </td><td class="col1"> 3d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A sickness! </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row5">
		<td class="col0"> 5 </td><td class="col1"> The item is stolen. Pay 150% cost to keep the item or lose it (full refund) and pay 3d6 gold dealing with the Golden Circle enforcers. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row6">
		<td class="col0"> 6 </td><td class="col1"> The seller is suspicious. If you buy you suffer a +25% chance of complication next time you come to Meridiem and look for an item. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row7">
		<td class="col0"> 7 </td><td class="col1"> Pay 120% for the item or lose it and pay 3d6 gold dealing with frauds. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row8">
		<td class="col0"> 8 </td><td class="col1"> The seller is desperate. Reduce the price by 1d10%. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4335-5074&quot;} -->
</div>

<h4 id="complications_item_not_found">Complications (Item Not Found)</h4>
<div class="level4">
<div class="table sectionedit4"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0"> Roll d8 </td><td class="col1"> Outcome </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> 1 </td><td class="col1"> For 10 gold you get a +10% chance to find the next item you search for through this vendor. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> 2 </td><td class="col1"> 1d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A fight! </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> 3 </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> 2d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A chase!  </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> 4 </td><td class="col1"> 3d4 recovery days, no fireplace, A sickness! </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row5">
		<td class="col0"> 5 </td><td class="col1"> Spend 10 gold or the next item you search for in Meridiem has a -10% chance. You&#039;re seen dealing with the wrong person. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row6">
		<td class="col0"> 6 </td><td class="col1"> You waste 3d6 gold, the seller is peddling in stolen goods. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row7">
		<td class="col0"> 7 </td><td class="col1"> You waste 5d6 gold dealing with frauds. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row8">
		<td class="col0"> 8 </td><td class="col1"> You may spend 20 gold to re-roll your search d100. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table1&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5116-5701&quot;} -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Searching Meridiem for Magic Items or Components&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;searching_meridiem_for_magic_items_or_components&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2210-&quot;} -->