<div class="table"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0">For New Characters as of May 1, 2019</th><th class="col1"></th><th class="col2"></th><th class="col3"></th><th class="col4"></th><th class="col5"></th><th class="col6"></th><th class="col7"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0"></th><th class="col1">Skill Proficiences*</th><th class="col2">Tool Proficiency and the appropriate tool or kit.</th><th class="col3">Vehicles</th><th class="col4">Instruments</th><th class="col5">Languages</th><th class="col6">Equipment</th><th class="col7">Special Feature</th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<th class="col0">Acolyte</th><td class="col1">Insight, Religion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background. A holy symbol, a book of prayers, 5 sticks of incense</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<th class="col0">Anthropologist</th><td class="col1">Insight, Religion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  A leather-bound diary, a bottle of ink, quill.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<th class="col0">Archaeologist</th><td class="col1">History, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  A crowbar, a shovel, a hat.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row5">
		<th class="col0">Caravan Specialist</th><td class="col1">Animal Handlnig, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Land</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  A whip, a two person tent. </td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row6">
		<th class="col0">Charlatan</th><td class="col1">Deception, Sleight of Hand</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4">1 Instrument</td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  Tools of the con of your choice (ten stoppered bottles filled with colored liquid, a set of weighted dice, a deck of marked cards)</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row7">
		<th class="col0">City Watch</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Insight</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  A horn, manacles.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row8">
		<th class="col0">City Watch Investigator</th><td class="col1">Insight, Investigation</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background.  A horn, manacles.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row9">
		<th class="col0">Courtier</th><td class="col1">Insight, Persuasion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Travel clothing appropriate to your background.  A set of fine clothes.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row10">
		<th class="col0">Crafter</th><td class="col1">History, Insight</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background. A maker&#039;s mark chisel used to mark your handiwork with your personal symbol. . </td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row11">
		<th class="col0">Criminal</th><td class="col1">Deception, Stealth</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background. Dark clothes, a hood, a bandana, and a hidden belt pouch.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row12">
		<th class="col0">Entertainer</th><td class="col1">Acrobatics, Performance</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4">1 Instrument</td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Clothing appropriate to your background. A musical instrument or a costume for a play.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row13">
		<th class="col0">Folk Hero</th><td class="col1">Animal Handlnig, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Land or Water</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A shovel, a shash, bandana, ribbon or other affectation given to you by the people you helped.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row14">
		<th class="col0">Guild Artisan</th><td class="col1">Insight, Persuasion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A letter of introduction stating the formal training you received, a belt with several pouches.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row15">
		<th class="col0">Harborfolk</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Sleight of Hand</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A fishing rod and tackle. </td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row16">
		<th class="col0">Hermit</th><td class="col1">Medicine, Religion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Disordered scrolls, pages and various scraps where you kept your notes. You cant find your quill though.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row17">
		<th class="col0">Mercenary Veteran</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Persuasion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Land</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">The uniform of your former company, belt with a pouch and a sheath (if appropriate).</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row18">
		<th class="col0">Noble</th><td class="col1">History, Persuasion</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A set of fine clothes. The ring of your house (5g value).</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row19">
		<th class="col0">Outlander</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4">1 Instrument</td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A helm with the trophy of an animal you killed. A water resistant cloak.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row20">
		<th class="col0">Sage</th><td class="col1">Arcana, History</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">A leather-bound diary, a bottle of ink, quill.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row21">
		<th class="col0">Sailor</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Perception</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A belaying pin and a set of rope (silk, 50&#039;)</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row22">
		<th class="col0">Sailor (Pirate)</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Perception</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">A belaying pin and a set of rope (silk, 50&#039;)</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row23">
		<th class="col0">Soldier</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Intimidation</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Land</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">An insignia of your former rank. A belt with a shealth and belt pouches. A bedroll and backpack.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row24">
		<th class="col0">Urchin</th><td class="col1">Sleight of Hand, Stealth</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Poor looking but perfectly functional clothing with several hidden pockets sewn into the lining.</td><td class="col7">As per RAW</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row25">
		<th class="col0">*You can chance your skill proficiences if your have a convincing story reason for it. Just work with the Helpers or a DM/Admin. </th><td class="col1"></td><td class="col2"></td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5"></td><td class="col6"></td><td class="col7"></td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row26">
		<th class="col0">With Admin approval, pending any issues with the backgrounds. Please be open to these background being pulled later if they become prolematic</th><td class="col1"></td><td class="col2"></td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5"></td><td class="col6"></td><td class="col7"></td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row27">
		<th class="col0">Fisher</th><td class="col1">History, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water</td><td class="col4">1 Instrument</td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Fish stained clothing, fishing tackle, a net, wading boots, a belt.</td><td class="col7">Saltmarsh Release</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row28">
		<th class="col0">Marine</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Survival</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water and Land</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Travelers clothes, a belt with a pouch, a dagger, a flag from your old ship.</td><td class="col7">Saltmarsh Release</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row29">
		<th class="col0">Shipwright</th><td class="col1">History, Perception</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">1 Languages</td><td class="col6">Travelers clothes, a leather pouch, a journal with notes on buiilding boats, ink, quill.</td><td class="col7">Saltmarsh Release</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row30">
		<th class="col0">Smugger</th><td class="col1">Athletics, Deception</td><td class="col2">1 Tool or Kit</td><td class="col3">Water or Land</td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5">2 Languages</td><td class="col6">Rich looking but poorly made clothes, a pouch and belt.</td><td class="col7">Saltmarsh Release</td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
