
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="mythral_kordda">Mythral &amp; Kordda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="twin_gods_of_battle_honourable_and_dishonourable_open_conflict_and_guerrilla_warfare">Twin Gods Of Battle, Honourable And Dishonourable, Open Conflict And Guerrilla Warfare</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
<strong>Holy Symbol:</strong> For those that favor Mythral over Kordda, a silver shield with an upward pointing dagger. For those that favor Kordda over Mythral, a black dagger, point down, over a shield.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Divine Domain(s):</strong> War, Trickery
</p>

<p>
Mythral is revered by soldiers and generals. Mythral believes in ritually declaring war upon enemies, wearing regalia and using established military tactics. Battle is a religious activity. It should be regarded as such and bringing dishonour upon yourself is a great sin. Mythral&#039;s twin has taught him that he must anticipate dishonourable acts. Followers of Mythral choose the higher path.
</p>

<p>
Kordda is revered by assassins and brawlers. The consequence of battle is what is important. Arrive at victory by any means necessary. Stealth and cunning are to be used for one&#039;s advantage. Kordda is not necessarily viewed as evil by all. Many would agree on the term distasteful.
</p>

<p>
Most of the temples of Mythral are also schools of combat: wrestling schools, mounted combat academies, archery ranges and so on. The temples to Kordda often test the visitors ability to discern their true nature. They may be hidden in plane sight as a tavern or concealed behind hidden doors and tunnels.
</p>

</div>
