
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="the_badlands">The Badlands</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The Age of Kingdoms has come to an end. 30 years ago a demonic plague ravaged the lands. You are the descendants of the survivors that fled into the badlands. These lands were previously ignored by the civilized folk due to the savage inhabitants, numerous monsters and poor soil quality.
</p>

<p>
Now the badlands are a haven from the infected hordes, Robber Barons, savage Bandit Kings and other menaces that are tearing apart the old kingdoms.
</p>

<p>
Now is the Age of Ordeals.
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://badlandsgame.net/" class="urlextern" title="https://badlandsgame.net/" rel="nofollow">This Link points to our interactive map</a>
</p>
<hr />

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;The Badlands&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;the_badlands&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-575&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="welcome_new_player">Welcome, New Player!</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="the_badlands_community">The Badlands Community</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The Badlands is a 5e D&amp;D campaign. The community exists on Discord and our games run in Roll20. The campaign is run in a West Marches style, meaning that groups change from adventure to adventure, there are multiple DMs, and a good portion of what areas get explored and what stories get told are driven by players pursuing them.
</p>

<p>
The Badlands is a co-operative setting. This means that there is no PVP in any form on our server. Characters cannot be evil, full stop. If your character concept is not someone who would want to work with others to accomplish communal goals, then you will need a different character concept.
</p>

<p>
We are a diverse community and uphold values of mutual respect. We do not tolerate discriminatory language or behaviour. We are here to have fun slaying monsters, and hope that you will join us!
</p>

<p>
Whether you are an experienced D&amp;D player or brand new, the links below will be useful to you. In them, you will find information that helps you familiarize with the feel of our setting, some of the specifics of making a character in our world, and lastly some handy links that you will use often.
</p>

<p>
You are of course welcome to explore the full wiki, but we suggest starting with these sections.
</p>
<hr />

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Welcome, New Player!&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;welcome_new_player&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;576-1870&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="setting_info">Setting Info</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=official:creation_myth" class="wikilink1" title="official:creation_myth">Creation Myth</a><br/>

How the world and its people came to be.
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=official:the_badlands_and_new_hope" class="wikilink1" title="official:the_badlands_and_new_hope">Why are we in the Badlands?</a><br/>

New Hope - the home of our heroes!
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=official:the_gods_and_other_immortals" class="wikilink1" title="official:the_gods_and_other_immortals">The Gods and Other Immortals</a><br/>

Many higher powers exist in the world. Even if your character is not religious, they would at least have heard many of these names.
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://www.badlandsgame.net" class="urlextern" title="https://www.badlandsgame.net" rel="nofollow">Interactive Map</a><br/>

Several maps with towns and points of interest.
</p>
<hr />

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Setting Info&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;setting_info&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1871-2332&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="character_creation_advancement">Character Creation &amp; Advancement</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=character_creation_checklist" class="wikilink1" title="character_creation_checklist">CHARACTER CREATION - CHECKLIST</a><br/>

Everything you need to know about creating a character in the Badlands.
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=backgrounds_and_languages" class="wikilink1" title="backgrounds_and_languages">Backgrounds</a><br/>

Backgrounds, Languages and Equipment!
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=the_hero_s_journey" class="wikilink2" title="the_hero_s_journey" rel="nofollow">The Hero&#039;s Journey</a><br/>

Information about homebrew and setting-specific rules for character advancement.
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=on_clerics_warlocks_and_paladins" class="wikilink2" title="on_clerics_warlocks_and_paladins" rel="nofollow">On Clerics, Warlocks, and Paladins.</a><br/>

Information about oaths, pacts, and domains. Read this if you are playing one of these classes.
</p>
<hr />

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Character Creation &amp; Advancement&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;character_creation_advancement&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2333-2813&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="downtime_days_and_crafting">Downtime Days And Crafting</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=downtime_system_basics" class="wikilink2" title="downtime_system_basics" rel="nofollow">Downtime System Basics</a><br/>

Information about our homebrew downtime systems.
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GRZ7y7-SjHR0KObQi1UZIywZn_BBx0HDGjesPnrsiEU" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GRZ7y7-SjHR0KObQi1UZIywZn_BBx0HDGjesPnrsiEU" rel="nofollow">New Crafting Document</a><br/>

Crafting document with all of the details on recipes, materials, markets, and more!
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xhue0HWq5slP7Y2whdL_xDT1-DSJu9EmbIjYq3Cnaqo/edit?usp=sharing" class="urlextern" title="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xhue0HWq5slP7Y2whdL_xDT1-DSJu9EmbIjYq3Cnaqo/edit?usp=sharing" rel="nofollow">Badlands Magic Items</a><br/>

Document with details on magical materials, attunement, and magic items in the Badlands.
</p>

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=trade_routes_and_meridiem" class="wikilink1" title="trade_routes_and_meridiem">Trade Routes</a><br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Downtime Days And Crafting&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;downtime_days_and_crafting&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2814-3380&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="dungeon_points">Dungeon Points</h2>
<div class="level2">
<hr />

<p>
<a href="/doku.php?id=dungeon_point_system_basics" class="wikilink1" title="dungeon_point_system_basics">Dungeon Point System</a><br/>

Information about our point system for people that contribute to the game.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dungeon Points&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dungeon_points&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3381-3522&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7" id="dungeon_master_resources">Dungeon Master Resources</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SG7ztDRL8Se4aX-sy1LjjaTmsUvpVmnO9HEvnzPeeR4/edit?usp=sharing" class="urlextern" title="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SG7ztDRL8Se4aX-sy1LjjaTmsUvpVmnO9HEvnzPeeR4/edit?usp=sharing" rel="nofollow">Dungeon Master Spreadsheet</a>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Caution, Spoilers!</strong>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dungeon Master Resources&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dungeon_master_resources&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3523-&quot;} -->