
<h3 class="sectionedit1" id="why_are_we_in_the_badlands">Why are we in the Badlands?</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Three generations ago the kingdom of Alt Walav to the east and Thorria to the west were great and prosperous. The Demon Queen and her magical destroyer helm ended all of that. The ancient titan Vorgoth used her as a puppet to spread a plague across the most populated parts of each kingdom. This plague transformed many of the sentient folk into ravenous demonic plague carriers. Their bite further spread the plague. The lands were ravaged. Heroes of the realm defeated the Demon Queen and the helm disappeared into myth.
</p>

<p>
It was too late for the kingdoms. Too much damage had been done. Too many hordes of demonic beasts, trapped in this realm, roamed the lands. The kingdoms fell into chaos. Too many heads of state died, not enough knights kept the peace, the old families could not sustain themselves.
</p>

<p>
You and your people have fled to the Badlands, a wild and untamed region. You have chosen to test your luck in this tough land. The bugbear and hobgoblin tribes and the occasional giant seem better than hordes of ravenous demonic beasts and lawless bandits preying on the weak.
</p>

<p>
There are new opportunities here in the Badlands. There are no established nobles and few guilds. Your future is your own if you are tough enough to survive. Right before the demon infected hordes came, the kingdom of Alt Walav negotiated peace and expansion with the orc tribes of the badlands. These tribes kept that agreement when refugees started pouring into the lands. New Hope, your home town, would not have survived without the aid of the Split Stone Orc tribe.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Why are we in the Badlands?&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;why_are_we_in_the_badlands&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-1601&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="new_hope">New Hope</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The town of New Hope, lies on the river Corino, an offshoot of the Rusuv. Your home is far enough west of the Teeth, a mountain range that separates the Badlands from Alt Walav, to make demon infected a rare sight. The river itself eventually winds its way into the Fertile Valley, home of the populous, and aggressively territorial, hobgoblin tribes.
</p>

<p>
The town has grown to a population of around 1,200. There are some small farms very close to town, as well as a coral, a small blacksmith, a tavern, a fishery, a lumber mill, and a Market Square. The adventurers of New Hope have also built a hospital, a school, a jail, and a supply shed. There are several watchtowers, a bailey, and a stone wall that stands around 10 feet tall surrounding the town. At the center of town is a shrine dedicated to all of the gods equally and there is a druid grove in the forested area just outside of New Hope.
</p>

<p>
There are a couple of other communities nearby. Closer to the Teeth, Redmark, further into the Badlands, Deep Root, and in the swamps south of New Hope, Guhadha’xa, home to the Blacktooth lizardfolk. The more daring have struck out on their own, making a farm or some such off the beaten path. These families come and go. It is a hard life. New Hope is known for welcoming traders and outsiders.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;New Hope&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;new_hope&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1602-&quot;} -->