
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="creation_myth">Creation Myth</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
First there was an endless ocean of vast depths. Cosmic eggs rose up from the depths. Hatching from within were the gods, the dragons and the titans.
</p>

<p>
The dragons formed the continent and the plane. They sculpted the mountains, carved out the oceans and made all plant life. The titans brought rapid change, floods, fires, avalanches, earthquakes, tsunamis and other massive natural events. The immovable dragons and the unstoppable titans warred. The gods above made the stars and created magic.
</p>

<p>
This was the <strong>Age of Creation</strong> and it was marked by the violence of nature, the screams of birth.
</p>

<p>
In the second age, the eternal war between dragons and titans shaped the land. Rivers were carved in the valleys, swamps were formed as the titans flooded the planes. Where dragons and titans fought all manner of beasts were created, monstrosities that are the children of war: manticores, basilisks, and other vile creatures.
</p>

<p>
This was the <strong>Age of Conflict</strong> and was marked by the violence of ego, Titan vs Dragon.
</p>

<p>
In the third age, the most enlightened of the dragons and titans chose to withdraw from the eternal struggle. They shrank, gave up their magic, and became humans, dwarves, elves and dragonborn. These new races spread and grew and instead of immense individual power they created civilization. The elves, dwarves and humans made deals with the gods for great magic. The armies of the civilized races, led by powerful clerics to the gods, drove the dragons into hiding. The Titans, who were not tied to the realm, were driven into the depths of the Aetherial plane. Their timeless war was over.
</p>

<p>
This was the <strong>Age of Faith</strong>, and it was marked by the taming of the dragons and the expulsion of the Titans.
</p>

<p>
In the fourth age, the civilized races now numerous and powerful, lived in all parts of the continent. Rhion, the trickster god, saw the gods gloating in how powerful their minions had become. How the elves and dwarves, humans and dragonborn, were their slaves because of magic. Rhion leapt into the stars and changed the constellations, creating diagrams that would teach any with the gift the basics of arcane magic. The elves were first to see the patterns. The other races were not far behind. Experimentation with this new type of magic lead to a great cataclysm.
</p>

<p>
Many great cities were destroyed in a tidal wave of magic and thus ended the <strong>Age of Magic</strong>.
</p>

<p>
In the fifth age, with magic being tamed and controlled, the kingdoms rose from the ashes of the cataclysm. They had learned their lesson. They leashed magic and focused on growth, civilization and wealth. Kingdoms grew in power and their borders pressed against each other. Wars were common. Monarchs beheaded monarchs. The mortals tasted power. One queen, throne usurped, donned the Destroyer Helm and brought forth the demon plague. The infection swept the lands.
</p>

<p>
And so ended the <strong>Age of Kingdoms</strong>, swept away by a tidal wave of infected demonkin.
</p>

<p>
We now live in the <strong>Age of Ordeals</strong>.
</p>

</div>
